edits and comments on GT chapter (#73)
drvinceknight/amwoss: src/chapters/06/main.tex

        profit.
\end{itemize}

> The expected profits for Taxi Company A are given in Table~\ref{tbl:profit-of-taxi-companies}.
> The profits for Taxi Company B are the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The expected profits for each Taxi company are given in Table~\ref{tbl:profit-of-taxi-companies}.
```

\newcolumntype{P}[1]{>{\centering\arraybackslash}p{#1}}
\begin{table}[!hbtp]
    \begin{center}
    \begin{tabular}{cl|P{0.08\textwidth}P{0.08\textwidth}P{0.08\textwidth}}
                                                                  &    & \multicolumn{3}{c}{Taxi Company B}\\
                                                                  &    & 1               & 2                 & 3\\
        \toprule
        \multirow{3}{*}{\rotatebox[origin=c]{90}{Taxi Company A}} & 1  & 1               & \(\frac{1}{2}\)   & \(\frac{1}{3}\)\\[4.5mm]
                                                                  & 2  & \(\frac{3}{2}\) & \(\frac{19}{20}\) & \(\frac{1}{2}\)\\[4.5mm]

>                                                                   & 3  & \(\frac{5}{3}\) & \(\frac{4}{5}\)   & \(\frac{17}{20}\)\\[4.5mm]

Reviewer: I think the way it was is better, let's chat about this on Friday.

Reviewer: We have agreed to duplicate the table, this means we can remove a sentence from the test.

    \end{tabular}
    \end{center}
    \caption{Profits (in GBP per hour) of a Taxi Company A based on

>     their vehicle numbers and the vehicle numbers of Taxi Company B.}

Reviewer: Similarly I think it's better the way it was.

    \label{tbl:profit-of-taxi-companies}
\end{table}

> % TODO I tried to make the table look better and more readable. Feel free to revert. I don't like that the horizontal and vertical lines don't touch. The column names were confusing, so I made them refer to specific companies now.

Reviewer: I don't understand what was confusing about the column names (we can talk about that on Friday) but not terribly fussed about the table itself so if you like it better then I'm sure it's fine.

Given these expected profits, the council wants to understand what is likely to
happen and potentially give a financial incentive to each company to ensure
their behaviour is in the population's interest.
This would take the form of a fixed increase to the companies' profits,
\(\epsilon\), to be found, if they put on three taxis, shown in
Table~\ref{tbl:profit-of-taxi-companies-offset}

> \begin{table}[!hbtp]

Reviewer: Yeah this helps.

\label{fig:taxi-firm-game}
\end{figure}

> A strategy corresponds to an way of choosing actions, this is represented by a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A strategy corresponds to a way of choosing actions, this is represented by a
```

probability vector. For the \(i\)th player, this vector \(v\) would be of size
\(|A_i|\) (the size of the action space) and \(v_i\) corresponds to the
probability of choosing the \(i\)th action.

Both taxis always choosing to use 2 taxis (the second row/column) would
correspond to the strategy: \((0, 1, 0)\).

> If the both companies use this strategy and the row player (who controls the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If both companies use this strategy and the row player (who controls the
```

> rows) wants to improve their outcome it's evident by inspecting the second

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rows) wants to improve their outcome it is evident by inspecting the second
```

column that the highest number is \(19 / 20\): thus the row player has no reason
to change what they are doing.

This is called a Nash equilibrium: when both players are playing a
strategy that is the best response against the other.

Whilst a Nash equilibrium is not necessarily a set of strategies that players
will converge towards, once they are there they have no reason to move away from
it. It is the particular concept that will be used to understand the emergent
behaviour in the city.

> % TODO I don't thnk this last paragraph is needed, or makes sense in this context. We don't yet know what you mean by 'converge', we don't have any concept of repeating a game and learning from the outcomes etc.

Reviewer: Yeah good call, let's remove it.

> % TODO Having said that, I don't think there is enough theory here, especially compared to other chapters, e.g. the LP chapter or the DES chapter. We do not know how to find a Nash equilibrium. We don't know if a Nash equilibrium necessarily exists. Can something else be added?

Reviewer: How about something like::

```suggestion
An important fact is that a Nash equilibrium is guaranteed to exist. 
This was actually the theoretic result for which John Nash received a noble prize.
% TODO Add footnote reference

There are various algorithms that can be used for finding Nash equilibria, they involve
a search through the pairs of spaces of possible strategies until pairs of best 
responses are found. Mathematical insight allows this do be done somewhat efficiently
using algorithms that can be thought of as modifications of the algorithms used in Linear Programming.
% TODO Point at LP chapter and add footnote references.
```

Reviewer: Is it worth mentioning more about mixed strategy equilibria in the theory?

In some sense it's self evident but perhaps this will free up/remove some of the discussion in the code.

Reviewer: I've decided to leave as is, happy to come back around to this if you'd like to @geraintpalmer

    return nash.Game(new_profits, new_profits.T)
\end{pyin}

> % TODO why don't we use this function from the beginning, setting offset=0? This saves having two different functions doing the same thing, and seems neater. It also follows what we've done in other chapters, e.g. vaccinations.

Reviewer: Yup that would be much better and more consistent with what we've been doing.

There are 2 pure Nash equilibria: 2 possible pairs of behaviour that the two
companies might converge to.

\begin{itemize}
    \item The first equilibrium \(((0, 1, 0), (0, 1, 0))\) corresponds to both
          firms always using 2 taxis;
    \item The second equilibrium \(((0, 0, 1), (0, 0, 1))\) corresponds to both
          firms always using 3 taxis.
\end{itemize}

There is in fact a third Nash equilibrium where both taxi firms use 2 taxis 70\%
of the time and 3 taxis the rest of the time but \mintinline{R}{Recon} is unable
to find Nash equilibria with mixed behaviour for games with more than two
strategies.

As an aside, if the option of using a single taxi is removed then
\mintinline{R}{Recon} can give all three equilibria by passing the
\mintinline{R}{type = "mixed"} argument to \mintinline{R}{sim_nasheq}.

A good thing to note is that the two taxi
companies will not only provide a single taxi (which would be harmful to the
customers).

% TODO I don't like these two paragraphs. They only make sense if you have read the Python section. Without reading the Python section, we do not know that no mixed equilibria use a single taxi, so removing that column feels like a stretch.

> % Can we just note that another mixed equilibrium exists but that it cannot be computed with this library? Maybe we can add the rest as a footnote? But here it feels forced.

Reviewer: I see what you mean, I'll have a go at modifying this. :+1:

}
\end{Rin}

> % TODO Similar to Python, can't we use this from the start, and set offset=0?

Reviewer: Yup :+1:
